Update next build docs to include the --profile argument (#15766)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/cli.md

The first load is colored green, yellow, or red. Aim for green for performant applications.

> With Next.js 9.5, you can now **enable production profiling for React** with the `--profile` flag in `next build`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable production profiling for React with the `--profile` flag in `next build`. This requires Next.js 9.5:
```
